## Required Inputs
1. Client id and secret for Gmail API access via Google Cloud account.
    - Log in to your Google Cloud account.
    - Go to Google Cloud Console / APIs and services and choose the project you want to use from the select at the top left (or create a new one and select it).
    - If you haven't used OAuth in this Google Cloud project before, configure the OAuth consent screen.
    - In Credentials, select + CREATE CREDENTIALS > OAuth client ID.
    - In the Application type dropdown, select Web application.
    - Under Authorized redirect URIs, select + ADD URI. Paste in the OAuth redirect URL from n8n (http://localhost:5678/rest/oauth2-credential/callback).
    - Select Create.
    - In Enabled APIs and services, select + ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES.
    - Select and enable the Gmail API.
    - Back to Credentials, click on the credential in OAuth 2.0 Client IDs, and on the credential page, you will find the Client ID and Client Secret.

2. 


## Clarifications
1. Client shared a requirement doc named "AI Executive Assistant Agent Workflow.pdf" on n8n-workflows slack channel. [18:36]
2. He attached the above doc with the following message: "This will be the first workflow. This is going to be using Matt Liss’ credentials."
3. Based on the above message the following message needs to be sent for clarity:
"Just to confirm—when you mention “using Matt Liss’ credentials,” should we proceed with setting up all integrations (Gmail, Google Calendar, ClickUp, etc.) under his accounts for this workflow? Please let us know if any access or tokens will be shared for that."
